FUNCTIONS AND ARGUMENTS

Functions may have an effect or a result, but a very important function component is the argument(s).

The escape and newline character "/n" urges thge console to start a new output line.
The backslash (\) does nothing but makes an announcement that the next character after the backslash has a different meaning.
Becasue of its escaping nature, you must double the backslash should you want to include it in a string.
  example: print ("\\") will work, but print ("\") will not.

When using more than one argument, you must separate them by commas.
You can also use keyword arguments such as "end=" to perform more than one argument.
"sep" is a keyword argument that will allow you to separete arguments using any special character placed within parenthesis


KEY TAKEAWAYS
1. The print() function is a built-in function. It prints/outputs a specified message to the screen/consol window.

2. Built-in functions, contrary to user-defined functions, are always available and don't have to be imported.
Python 3.8 comes with 69 built-in functions. You can find their full list provided in alphabetical order in the Python Standard Library.

3. To call a function (this process is known as function invocation or function call), you need to use the function name followed by parentheses.
You can pass arguments into a function by placing them inside the parentheses. You must separate arguments with a comma, e.g., print("Hello,", "world!").
An "empty" print() function outputs an empty line to the screen.

4. Python strings are delimited with quotes, e.g., "I am a string" (double quotes), or 'I am a string, too' (single quotes).

5. Computer programs are collections of instructions.
An instruction is a command to perform a specific task when executed, e.g., to print a certain message to the screen.

6. In Python strings the backslash (\) is a special character which announces that the next character has a different meaning,
e.g., \n (the newline character) starts a new output line.

7. Positional arguments are the ones whose meaning is dictated by their position,
e.g., the second argument is outputted after the first, the third is outputted after the second, etc.

8. Keyword arguments are the ones whose meaning is not dictated by their location, but by a special word (keyword) used to identify them.

9. The end and sep parameters can be used for formatting the output of the print() function.
The sep parameter specifies the separator between the outputted arguments (e.g., print("H", "E", "L", "L", "O", sep="-"),
whereas the end parameter specifies what to print at the end of the print statement.

**Coding Examples
#1 - Using "sep" and "end"

  print ("Programming", "Essentials", "in", sep= "***", end= "..."
  print ("Python")
  
Expected Output = Programming***Essentials***in...Python
